Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to build the dashboard screen.
Okay not to do this, we have to create a new FY and we are going to create this new file in the views
directory and new FY and we're going to call this dashboard.
On the score screen.
And dot, dot.
Okay.
And now we can use controller and beat to make this wide and we can then use a stateless widget and
of course, dashboard.
Dashboard screen.
And over here we need to alight and use control dots.
So impart the material that that package.
Okay.
Mature adults back age and get rid of this.
And that's also have access to a lot of property.
We can then return a scaffold.
Stafford.
Stafford And we have a property like the Harbour Harbour.
Harbour.
And the harbour has a property known as City, and it's going to be a test widget which is going to
say dash board.
Dashboard and we can add some STI to this test sti.
And we can give this a color of colors that.
White.
Sorry of black.
And this country.
And that's.
I think we need one additional parenthesis.
Okay.
It's controller, and that's the safe.
And now back to the sailor home.
Instead of this center widget, we can get rid of this and use the dashboard screen of a dashboard screen
and we start.
And you can see over the main file, what I simply did was to change the initial routes to the SLA home
screen so we don't have to log in all the time again.
Okay.
And let's go check this out.
I think it has to check the dashboard.
And you can see.
Okay.
Back to the dashboard screen over here.
We can change the harbour color to colors of white.
And we can't get rid of the elevation by saying elevation and setting it to zero and use control.
And that's the save.
And also, we could take this test to the meter to do that within the harbour.
The harbour has a property known ST altitude and therefore it's going to say it's going to be said to
false so we can set it to true.
Okay.
And over here we can have the logout icon.
To do that, we can basically use a row for this instead of using this test widget, right?
We could just use a row.
But within the harbour the harbour has a property known as action and we are going to have an icon.
Or we can just go with an icon button since it's going to be clickable.
And for now, it does nothing.
And.
This is going to be a high chord icon with jets and icons, the lockout.
Log out and K and we can give this a colour.
The icon has a property known as color and we can then say color the sign and apply a hydrogen color
and use control and save.
You can see it via grids.
And now what we can do, we can start building.
What is going to be in the body.
So over here.
Outside the harbour and within the scaffold.
We can then say, Buddy.
For the body.
This is going to be this we should send before we'd.
Great view.
That counts.
Okay.
The cross assist count is basically referring to how many items we need horizontally, that is from
left to right.
And we can then say two for this.
And also it has a property known as main assist alignment.
Elementary main are 6% for the main assistance.
And we can then say maybe 40.
And you're going to see I think you've seen this before.
And also for the Cross Association, we can as well.
Sorry.
Additional comment and cross our suspicion we can as well say 40 that is the cross axis has to do with
the horizontal shape and the main assets has to do with the vertical form.
That is the space we need vertically and use constraints to save in order to format this.
And now we can then have the children property.
Children.
And we could then get rid of this list.
And now what we have to say is list.
That.
Generate these to generate.
Basically, we are going to be returning a card.
So what this is asking for is how many cards we need.
So we are going to be needing six cards.
And over here.
We are going to get rid of this type of our function and use this type and then we are going to return.
Return a card widgets.
God, we did.
Okay.
And I think we need this.
Okay, great.
Now we are going to be using zero widgets, so we're going to be using the column widget for this again.
And the reason for the column is because we are going to be having an icon over here.
Then at the bottom, we're going to have the test.
I think you send this in the demo, writes the case.
So that's what you're going to be doing.
And as you know.
The card has a property known as child.
And for the child it's going to be a column budget and children.
And for the first child of the column, it's going to be an icon.
Icon.
This is going to be high cost the store.
Icons the store.
Okay.
And how to newcomer in this country and to say.
You're going to see the view.
You can see we have six, right?
One, two, two, four, five, six and fourth.
It has a color of white.
Right.
And what we can also do, we can increase the size of the icon.
And as you know, the icon has a pretty known size.
And we can save 40 and use control and save.
Okay.
You can see and also we can change the color to close the sign.
Close.
Assign and use control and save.
And.
Okay.
You can see and after this icon, we can then have it says for now, in the future, we're going to
make it dynamic, which is just going to say, maybe my store.
In order to recover.
A key.
Consider via my sister.
And we can tie this test tie.
To stay, we could increase the font size, font size, font size.
To maybe 23 and we could.
Okay.
You can try to save as you're trying to cover.
And go check it out.
You can see.
And now we can give a phone.
So it's this phone to wait for a tweet.
That boat.
Okay.
How'd you train newcomer in that or to format this?
And as you know, the column which the column which has a property known as Maine, sees alignment and
we can see main US elements means US alignment or space around to have equal space horizontal vertically
that is from top to bottom.
Okay.
And you can see grades and you can see we have this card over here and it has a color of whites.
We could also change the color.
The card has a property known as color, and we can see many colors that blue gray.
Low low grade low grade and use contrary and hence to save and good.
Check this out.
Okay.
Over.
Yeah, like you can see we have this blue gray color and we can also give an opacity to this.
You can say dot with opacity of maybe 0.8 and c I going to look like.
Okay.
You can see the look feels a bit and I think its look nice.
And what we could also do.
Is what we could.
Okay.
The card has a property known as Elevation, and you already know what this does.
Okay, for the now, let's say 50.
So you see the full use of what it does.
Look, you can see it looks so very, very blah and.
We could just go with maybe 15.
15 is okay and okay.
Seems good.
Looking great.
Right?
And maybe we could increase the icon to maybe 56 to 50.
And now what about.
Okay, let's just see what this made us is suspicion does.
Most of the time, you just have to try to see what it does.
Now we are changing it to tea.
And let's see.
You can see.
So the Maine asks us to do the space vertically.
Okay.
What about, say, ten?
In case you didn't see that key ten.
Use control and save and go check it out.
If you can see it's so the main assets space and has to do with the space between the vertical that
is the top and bottom.
Okay.
Now let's check for we're just going to go back to that.
Let's check for the cross our suspicion sorry.
And reduce it to maybe 20 and use country and save and check what it does.
Okay you can see so the cross answers space and acids over the horizontal the space between the left
and the right.
Right.
And the main suspicion has to do with what the vertical that is top and bottom.
So what we could also do is to wrap this with a padding, maybe padding of for all sides of 20 and use
control and that's the save and go check this out.
And I think this is a bit very cool.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.